Add RequestCookies class to collect HTTP cookies (#11)
yiisoft/request-provider: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.1.0 under development

- Enh #10: Add `yiisoft/middleware-dispatcher` event listener to keep `Request` always available (@xepozz)

> - Add `Yiisoft/RequestProvider/RequestCookies` request cookie collection object (@hacan359)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `RequestCookies` class that provides convenient access to request cookies (@hacan359)
```

Author: done

> - Add `RequestCookies` class that provides convenient access to request cookies (@hacan359)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- New #11: Add `RequestCookies` class that provides convenient access to request cookies (@hacan359)
```
